The connection to the main board is done via a 5x2 pin header and 10 wire ribbon cable, the pinout is:

1  TXD (Main transmit, chiller RX)
2  +3.3V
3  RXD (Main receive, chiller TX)
4  GND (for low-power logic)

5,6,7  GND (for unregulated high-power)
8,9,10 +24V unregulated


See main schematic / Chiller interface.


Serial interface:
The serial interface runs at 3.3V level and 9600 baud.


Default state:
  The chiller should start up in regulation with default values.

*Command structure*
Each command is terminated with a newline
Replies to commands should be "ok\n".
  

*Commands*

power=on
  Turn on the regulation loops

power=off
  Turn off the regulation loops and power down all pumps and the compressor.

store-max=18
  Set maximum temperature in the cold-storage tank to 18 degrees celcius.
  This is the temperature that the compressor must start at.
  The default value at power-up is 18 degrees.

store-min=2
  Set maximum temperature in the cold-storage tank to 2 degrees celcius.
  This is the temperature that the compressor must stop at.
  The default value at power-up is 2 degrees

buffer-set=25
  Set the desired temperature for the circulation buffer, the pump moving water
  from the cold-storage tank to the buffer tank must be modulated to keep the
  temperature at this constant level.
  The default value at power-up is 25 degrees
  
post-run=30
  Set the time the fan and charging pump must run after the compressor has stopped.
  The default value at power-up is 30 seconds

status
  Output all settings, sensor values and actuator states, one per line, ending with a blank line, like this:

ok
power:on
store-max:17
store-min:5
buffer-set:20
post-run:60
storage:14.2
buffer:24.5
cooling-pwm:60
compressor:on
fan:on


*regulation*

If power=off, then all outputs should be off, otherwise the following regulation should happen:

The compressor should start when the cold buffer tank reaches store-max and stop when it reaches store-min.

The charging pump and the radiator fan should run while the compressor does + the number of post-run seconds configured.

The cooling pump should be PWM modulated between 0 and 100 percent (calculated by PID) to keep the circulation buffer at the buffer-set temperature.

The circulation pump should always run full speed if power=on
